docs: clarify the  operator design doc a bit (#167)
ceph/ceph-csi-operator: docs/design/operator.md

In this diagram:

- **CR Changes**: Represents changes made to Custom Resources (CRs),
  which trigger actions in the operator.
- **Operator**: Listens for changes in CRs and initiates the installation and
  configuration of CSI drivers.
- **Configure CephFS, NFS, RBD**: Actions performed by the operator to install

>   and configure the respective CSI drivers based on the CR changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and configure the respective CSI drivers based on the configuration presented on the updated CR.
```
